---
layout: article
title: "SEPEEG 2020"
categories: news
date: 2020-09-16T21:50:00
modified:
comments: false
tags: [conference, science, Auburn]
excerpt: "Announcing the 2020 Southeastern Population Ecology and Evolutionary Genetics Conference"
image:
  teaser: sepeeg20_RegGraphic.jpg
  feature: sepeeg2020_banner.png 

---


#### Registration Deadline October 2, 2020 (5pm)

To ecologists and evolutionary biologists throughout the southeastern United States,

On behalf of the [Department of Biological Sciences at Auburn University](https://www.auburn.edu/cosam/departments/biology/), we invite you to the [46th annual Southeastern Population Ecology and Evolutionary Genetics Conference (SEPEEG)](https://auburn.edu/cosam/sepeeg20). This meeting is intended to be a supportive and engaging event to to bring together students, postdocs, and faculty with ties to the southeastern United States. Typically, this meeting is a single-session, collaborative conference/retreat environment that fosters informal research discussions and social interactions.

As a result of the COVID-19 pandemic, we have made the decision to postpone an in person meeting. However, due to the important opportunity this meeting provides to allow trainees to present research and network in an informal community of researchers, we have opted to continue with a fully online and interactive meeting this year. We have selected 4 days over the course of a week in which to promote fun and inviting conference activities for 1 to 3 hours at a time, coinciding with either lunch-time or evening.

We anticipate having room for up 15-20 research presentations and 20-30 research posters as part of a virtual, live poster symposium that will be available on the conference website and connected through Zoom meetings. Presentation priority will be given to students, postdocs, and newcomers to the southeastern region.


## Details
__What:__ 46th annual Southeastern Population Ecology and Evolutionary Genetics Conference

__Where:__ Online (hosted by Auburn University)

__When:__ 23, 26, 27, & 30 October 2020


__Registration Deadline:__ 5 PM October 2nd, 2020

__Register here:__ [aub.ie/sepeeg20](aub.ie/sepeeg20)

__Meeting website:__ [https://auburn.edu/cosam/sepeeg20](https://auburn.edu/cosam/sepeeg20)

__Registration is free__ Please be sure to register by the October 2 deadline (even if you do not submit a talk/poster for consideration) so we can plan meeting logistics appropriately.

To facilitate networking, we ask that you share your research interests at registration to help structure the breakout rooms. 

### Tentative Schedule
Times listed are for the __CENTRAL time zone__ and subject to further refinement

  - Friday, October 23rd, 3:00 to 6:00PM Research Talk Session #1
    - Five 15 minute research talks
    - 30 minutes networking in breakout rooms
    - Five 15 minute research talks

  - Monday, October 26th, 11:30AM to 12:30PM Poster Session A
    - Presenters of first half of posters available via zoom for chat 

  - Tuesday, October 27th, 11:30AM to 12:30PM Poster Session B
    - Presenters of second half of posters available via zoom for chat 

  - Friday, October 30th, 3:00 to 6:00PM Research Talk Session #2
    - Five 15 minute research talks
    - 30 minutes networking in breakout rooms
    - Five 15 minute research talks


Contact either Laurie Stevison (lss0021@auburn.edu) or Matthew Wolak (terps@auburn.edu)

We are looking forward to seeing you (virtually) at the meeting!

Sincerely,

Laurie and Matthew

